Sustain ServiceBroker if instance exists (#6589)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/02-04-application-broker.md

4. The Service Catalog fetches services that the `application-broker` Service Broker exposes.
5. The Service Catalog creates a ServiceClass for each service received from the Service Broker.

> The `application-broker` Service Broker is managed by the Application Broker. The user should not create or delete this resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**>NOTE:** The Application Broker is the sole component that manages the `application-broker` Service Broker. The user should not create or delete this resource. 
```

Reviewer: Please move this note under point no.3 where the SB is first mentioned.
